Add mouse-wheel support to Dolly and FlyThrough navigation modes. (#17467)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/using_visit/VisualizationWindows/Interactor_settings.rst

Zoom interactor settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The zoom interactor settings are mostly used when the vis window is in zoom mode. 

Reviewer: Using `vis window` (here and a few other places). Is that really user-facing terminology? I don't think so. Maybe best to use `viewer` or just `window` (e.g. drop the `vis` part).

Author: I didn't write that section. I just changed to single line per sentence.

Author: Is there a way to capture your suggestions to a new ticket?

Reviewer: > I didn't write that section. I just changed to single line per sentence.

I suppose I should have been able to pick up on that in examining the diffs. But, it hadn't occurred to me and so I am finding myself spending time looking at material you don't want reviewed.

Can you suggest anything so I can avoid this in future?

Author: I try to add notes to the effect that I changed to single-line per sentence. It may have been part of one of my commit messages, or I may be thinking of a different PR. At any rate, if it had been a note in my PR I think it could have been helpful. My apologies for this oversight

Reviewer: > Is there a way to capture your suggestions to a new ticket?

There is something that comes close. In the elipsis in upper-right of the comment, pull down to `Reference in new issue`. That brings up a new dialog (which is pretty limited in functionality) but does allow you to create a new ticket based on the original text. I just did that for the case below :wink:

Reviewer: > My apologies for this oversight

Not necessary. I was just looking for a suggested tweek to our practices.

Let me propose this...when you wanna make a pass fixing line length *globally* in a `.rst` file (except `functions.rst` :wink:) as opposed to just the paragraph you are there to edit, do that and *only* that work in a separate commit. Maybe put that commit *after* whatever *real* changes you are there to make. The first diff is the real work. The second diff can be ignored.

When the vis window is in zoom mode, clicking in the vis window will anchor a point that becomes one of the corners of a zoom rectangle.
When you release the mouse, the point over which the mouse was released becomes the opposite corner of the zoom rectangle. 
VisIt's default behavior is to show guidelines that extend from the edges of the zoom rectangle to the edges of the plots' bounding box when the vis window is in 2D mode. 
If you want to turn off the guidelines, click off the **Show Guidelines** check box in the **Interactors window**.

> When sweeping out a zoom rectangle in zoom mode, VisIt allows you to draw a rectangle of any proportion. 

Reviewer: Explaining this behavior of the aspect ratio of the zoom box is great to include in our docs.

I am not seeing this behavior on macOS though. Here is what I do see (with a 2D dataset, `curve2d.silo`)...

- If I do depress `Shift` before dragging while in `Zoom` mode, I get panning...which is same as in `Navigate` mode.
- If I depress `Shift` *after* beginning a zoom drag, I get no effect (no constraining)
- I tried other keys as well (`Ctrl`, `Alt`, and `Command` (or the Apple option key). For `Command` I get an inverted zoom event (e.g. it zooms out not in ;)
- I though I recall seeing a constrained drag zoom on macOS in the past but am now unable to do it.

> The relative shape of the zoom rectangle, in turn, influences the shape of the viewport drawn in the vis window. 

Reviewer: I think `aspect ratio` is maybe a better term than `relative shape`. I think we use `aspect ratio` elsewhere both in the GUI and in the docs to mean same thing.

If you hold down the *Shift* key while sweeping out the zoom rectangle, VisIt will constrain the shape of the zoom rectangle to a square. 
If you want VisIt to always force a square zoom rectangle so that you don't have to use the *Shift* key, you can click on the **Clamp to Square** check box, click **Apply** in the **Interactors window** and save your settings.

Using the **Clamp to Square** zoom mode is a good way to maximize the amount of the vis window that is used when you zoom in on plots and when the vis window is in zoom mode. 
When the vis window is in navigate mode, the middle mouse button also effects a zoom. 

> By default, zooming with the middle mouse button zooms into the plots but keeps the same vis window viewport which may, depending on the aspect ratio of the plots, not make the best use of the vis window's pixels. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dragging up and down with the middle mouse button zooms in and out, respectively, but keeps the same aspect ratio which may, depending on the situation, not make the best use of the vis window's pixels. 
```

Fortunately, you can turn on the **Fill viewport on zoom** check box to force middle mouse zooming to also enlarge the viewport to its largest possible size in order to make better use of the vis window's pixels.

Navigation styles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When VisIt displays 3D plots, there are a few navigation styles from which you can choose by clicking on the following radio buttons in the **Interactors window**: **Trackball**, **Dolly**, and **Flythrough**.  

> The default navigation style for 3D plots is: Trackball and it allows you to interactively rotate plots and move around them but it keeps the camera at a fixed distance from the plots and while it can get infinitely close to plots when you zoom in, it can never touch them or go inside of them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default navigation style for 3D plots is **Trackball**. This allows users to interactively rotate plots and move around them but it keeps the camera at a fixed distance from the plots. While it can get infinitely close to plots when zoomed in, it can never touch them or go inside of them. 
```

> The Dolly navigation style behaves like the trackball style except that the when the camera zooms, it is actually moved. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Dolly** navigation style behaves like the trackball style except that *zooming* is affected by moving the camera closer to the plots, not by changing the angle of view. 
```

> The Flythrough navigation style moves the camera and allows you to fly into plots and out the other side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Flythrough** navigation style moves the camera and allows you to fly into plots and out the other side.
```
